# smarttshirt
The design and implementation of the Child Health and Activity Monitoring with Smart T-Shirt are presented in this project. Smart T-shirt which monitors the health parameters of a child 24 hours and in addition to, it can monitor the child's activity, this system runs its own server to monitor live data through internet without using any third party servers, and it send alerts to parents in any critical situations. This Smart T Shirt is designed using an arm based low power quad core processor. This processor is embedded into the T Shirt along with the Sensors. It can continuously monitor Temperature, heart rate, steps, current activity, Calories burned, and distance traveled by walk. The system has a camera embedded into the T Shirt, with this we can easily monitor the child environment from anywhere on the Earth. With Smart T Shirt app or through Browser we can Monitor the live parameter and also check the past data from the T Shirt. The Smart T Shirt is programmed to automatically give a warning alert to the connected users in case of any abnormal health condition through telegram application. i.e., heat strokes, cold strokes, low pulse, the warning alert will be sent over telegram Messenger app without any delay. This project aimed at designing a device to prevent the occurrence of these problems by monitoring a user's walking and posture behaviors. The intent was to alert the user or a nearby caregiver if a fall or abnormal posture were detected. The device integrated sensors along with internet to successfully achieve this task.
 
